Wang Xun, didn't you say you wanted to bring down the Dong family?
People are more profound
Slap in the face
Princess, we will attack immediately
Go get that weapon bureau back
Grab it back, what do you grab?
Could it be that you have a better way to forge swords?
Yes, I did have a knife.
And sharper than Dong Qiang's knife
Are you sure you're not kidding?
If you can't beat the princess and cut me
Hey, is that what you said?
Don't regret it then
Zhang Ning, what's the matter with you asking to see me?
Back to his father, Wang Xun held a knife
Descended to Dong Gongzi I
Good emperor
The knife I live with is stronger than anyone else's
Hahahaha
Wang Xun, my method of forging swords
From the world's first sword master Ou
How dare you compete with me
Tell me if you dare or not.
What am I afraid of?
If I lose
Give you the position of Admiral of the Arms Bureau if you lose
I want your life
OK, that's a deal.
If the knife you live with can go beyond the wall
I will make you the Admiral of the Ordnance Bureau